When people get a little too chummy with me I like to call them by the wrong name to let them know I don't really care about them.
When I eat, it is the food that is scared.
Honour: If you need it defined, you don't have it.
Capitalism: God's way of determining who is smart and who is poor.
Never been hungover. After I've had too much whiskey, I cook myself a large flank steak, pan-fried in salted butter. I eat that, put on a pair of wet socks and go to sleep.
There is no wrong way to consume alcohol.
Fishing relaxes me. It's like yoga, except I still get to kill something.
Just give me all the bacon and eggs you have. Wait... wait. I worry that what you just heard was: Give me a lot of bacon and eggs. What I said was: Give me ALL the bacon and eggs you have. Do you understand?
There's only one thing I hate more than lying. Skim milk. Which is water that is lying about being milk.
Never half-ass two things. Whole-ass one thing.
The less I know about other people's affairs, the happier I am. I'm not interested about caring about people. I once worked with a guy for three years and never learned his name. Best friend I ever had. We still never talk sometimes.
Any dog under fifty pounds is a cat and cats are useless.
Crying: acceptable at funerals and the Grand Canyon.
Under my tutelage, you will grow from boys to men. From men into gladiators. And from gladiators into Swansons.
[On bowling] Straight down the middle. No hook, no spin, no fuss. Anything more and this becomes figure skating.
The government is a greedy piglet that suckles on a taxpayer's teat until they have sore, chapped nipples.
It's always a good idea to demonstrate to your coworkers that you are capable of withstanding a tremendous amount of pain.
Fish, for sport only, not for meat. Fish meat is practically a vegetable.
There is only one bad word: taxes.
History began July 4th, 1776. Anything before that was a mistake.
Give a man a fish and feed him for a day. Don't teach a man to fish…and feed yourself. He's a grown man. And fishing's not that hard.
Great job, everyone. The reception will be held in each of our individual houses, alone.
Friends: one to three is sufficient.
I like saying "No", it lowers their enthusiasm.
You had me at "meat tornado".
Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets.
I call this turf 'n' turf. It's a 16 oz T-bone and a 24 oz porterhouse. Also, whiskey and a cigar. I am going to consume all of this at the same time because I am a free American.
There will be alcohol there, so I will go as well.
Intensity: Give 100%. 110% is impossible. Only idiots recommend that.
An ideal night out is stepping onto my porch area and grilling up a thick slab of something's flesh.
On my deathbed, my final wish is to have my ex-wives rush to my side so I can use my dying breath to tell them both to go to hell one last time.
I don't like loud noises and people making a fuss. And I especially don't like people celebrating, because they know a piece of private information about me. Plus the whole thing is a scam. Birthdays were invented by Hallmark to sell cards.
I also think it's pointless for a human to paint scenes of nature when they can go outside and stand in it.
I'm starving. I only had one breakfast.
Creativity is for people with glasses who like to lie.
If any of you need anything at all... Too bad.
I'm not sure I'm interested in that. No, I am sure. I am not interested in that.
I'm surrounded by a lot of women in this department. And that includes the men.
I like Tom. He doesn't do a lot of work around here.
I was born ready. I'm Ron F*cking Swanson.
The whole point of this country is if you want to eat garbage, balloon up to 600 pounds and die of a heart attack at 43, you can! You are free to do so. To me, that's beautiful.
Why is everyone else so bad at eating?
Keep your tears in your eyes where they belong.
I would sooner visit Europe than have something romantic happen between us.
I enjoy government functions like I enjoy getting kicked in the nuggets with a steel toed boot. But this hotel always served bacon wrapped shrimp. That's my number one favorite food wrapped around my number three favorite food. I'd go to a banquet in honor of those Somali pirates if they served bacon wrapped shrimp.
Yep. My ex-wife Tammy cheated on me, then we divorced, then last week I ran into her sister Beth here, turns out she hates Tammy too, so we started dating. It's like a fairytale.
There is no need for medical treatment. I'm on a government health plan. I don't need tax payers to pay for me to lay in bed and eat jello and watch Dr. Phil.
I have a hernia. Had it for awhile, and I've been ignoring it… successfully. But, ah, this morning I made the mistake of sneezing. But as long as I sit still, don't move my head or torso, I'm good. I got this.
To exes. May they always stay that way.
[on his ex-wife] Every time she laughs an Angel dies. Even telemarketers avoid her. Her birth was payback for the sins of man.
I generally like my job, because for most of the year, there isn't a lot to do. And around Christmas most of the people go away, so there's even less to do. So, yes, I love Christmas.
My house has no walkway, no porch light, no welcome mat and no visible front door. It is virtually impossible to get into my house. I keep the address unlisted, I change the house number every six weeks and the mailman's instructed to leave the mail in a small plastic box hanging from my fence by a metal chain. Most of my house is a wood shop and the rest is a space for meat curing.
I couldn't be happier about this. I think the entire government should be privatized. Chuck E. Cheese could run the parks. Everything operated by tokens. Drop in a token go on the swing set. Drop in another token, take a walk. Drop in a token look at a duck.
Leslie, my first wife Tammy, tried throwing me a surprise birthday party. When I saw my friends hiding through the window, I drove to a gas station, called the cops and told 'em people had broken into my home. I'm not big on surprises.
